to be such an x6
so I feel totally exhausted I
I had to spend an hour
focus on the maximum
I have a bit of trouble sometimes
my thoughts then on the dance too
Focus pious y were admitted
dance teacher was awesome has explained so well
that you came in faster and my husband
I think that has done great
Today, the preparation course for the
Expo for tonight we have
starting with the slow exchange though
After the Vienna Stock Exchange and disco swing
and with this we just walked
Hope that people can go to any ball
dance or the ball is
So that's me in this area namely
sure bloody beginner
we already have a rock'n'roll
Course made together and a salsa
Courses a beginner course that one
little in the way of this area
we do
I always wanted to dance it is
my dream to dance my dream of desire
I feel happy
and today my husband has for the first time
the initiative was taken
i dance a long time i have earlier
ballet danced and danced for eight years
hip hop changed and currently can
also modeling themselves in the dance
pretty dance enthusiastic
times
children
The idea is really nothing gets in
Two hours of semi- profit is a fact
Known to make a few steps on the
dance floor and have fun this is the
main point of this last two
hours
I was a bit nervous all at once
but little
I could not take the steps anymore
but it has a professional feel
looked
I think on the whole it does not come
so much on what you do with the
ballenmoos ormannstraße hamburg